.TH resume 7 "30 Nov 2023" "2.1" "Nikola's Resume"
.SH NAME
resume \- Nikola's Resume
.SH AUTHOR
Nikola (He/Him)
.MT nikola@klaxzy.net
.ME
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B curl https://klaxzy.net/resume.man | man -l -
.SH DESCRIPTION
Security and Infrastructure engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the large ISP and IT environments.
.br
Skilled in Network, Web and Email security systems and Cloud technologies, configuration as code with Terraform and Github.
.br
Core skills are around security and infrastructure design of core services on-prem and cloud.
.SH SKILLS
\fBLanguages\fP
.RS 4
Solid knowledge of Terraform & Bash scripting.
.RE
.sp
\fBTechnologies\fP
.RS 4
Linux, Docker, AWS, Terraform, Git, CI/CD, Networking, Firewalling, Virutalisation.
.RE
.sp
.SH EXPERIENCE
\fBDelivery Hero SE\fP
.br
\fBSenior Security Engineer (PAM)\fP
.br
November 2022\(enToday
.IP \(bu 2
Privilege Access Management, Configuration as Code.
.IP \(bu 2
AWS, Github Actions, Terraform, CyberArk. 
.PP
\fBDelivery Hero SE\fP
.br
\fBSenior Infrastructure Engineer\fP
.br
June 2018\(en2022
.IP \(bu 2
Network engineering including planning and designing local and cloud network infrastructure. Network security with next-gen firewalls, network access control and ips/ids.
.IP \(bu 2
AWS, Palo Alto Networks, Network access control, WiFi security, VPN.
.PP
\fBHolland America Group\fP
.br
\fBTraveling IT Officer\fP
.br
2016\(en2018
.IP \(bu 2
Shipboard Audit check, Inspection and training.
.IP \(bu 2
IT Policy and documentation management, Special IT projects
.IP \(bu 2
Responsible for driving IT standards, training and producing policies,
procedures and best practices for Holland America Group fleets
.IP \(bu 2
Security analisis, Penetration testing and Patch management accross the fleet.
.PP
\fBHolland America Group\fP
.br
\fBIT Officer (Shipboard)\fP
.br
2014\(en2016
.IP \(bu 2
Administering of shipboard IT infrastructure including Microsoft Windows
servers, Cisco and Palo Alto network, hardware deploy and purchasing
.IP \(bu 2
Maintaining and monitoring shipboard IT operations
.IP \(bu 2
Implementation of shipboard projects
.PP
\fBMikro Kontrol d.o.o.\fP
.br
\fBSystem Engineer\fP
.br
2014\(en2014
.IP \(bu 2
Designing, planning and administering Microsoft AD Infrastructure.
.IP \(bu 2
Designing, planning and administering Company Security Polices
.IP \(bu 2
Designing, planning and administering Company Mail and Web Services
Including MDaemon, IIS and Microsoft SQL.
.IP \(bu 2
Implementing Company Backup Infrastructure & Strategy
.PP
\fBBeoNET\fP
.br
\fBSystem Engineer\fP
.br
2014\(en2014
.IP \(bu 2
Responsible for all aspects of Microsoft Infrastructure including Active
Directory, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft ForeFront, Microsoft Lync, Microsoft
Sharepoint, System Center Data Protection Manager, Microsoft SQL including
planning, development, maintenance and support operations
.IP \(bu 2
Responsible for all aspects of VMware Infrastructure products (ESXi, vSphere,
VMware Server, VMware Workstation) including planning, maintenance and
administration
.IP \(bu 2
Responsible for Hosting Services, designing, maintaining and administering
core hosting services such as Apache, nginx, IIS, DNS, MSSQL, MySQL, FTP
Services. Implementation of ISPsystem Hosting Products and Parallels Hosting
Products.
.IP \(bu 2
Designing, planning and administering core Mail Services such as Postfix,
MDaemon, Dovecot. Designing and implementing Mail Security Services (Mail
Exchanger and Mail Relays) using Trend Micro IMSS.
.IP \(bu 2
Responsible for Security Services. Implementation and administration of
Enterprise Trend Micro Products such as OfficeScan, IMSS, IWSVA, IMSVA,
Control Manager, SMEX, ServerProtect, Data Leakage Protection (DLP).
.SH EDUCATION
\fBArrowDNS\fP
2011\(en2011
.PP
TCSM - Certified Security Master Courses. 
.PP
\fBChamber of Commerce and industry of Serbia\fP
2010\(en2010
.PP
CompTIA Security+ Certification Courses
.PP
\fBComputer school at Vinca Institute of Nuclear Sciences\fP
2090\(en2009
.PP
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer Certification, MCSE 
.PP
\fBUniversity of Belgrade\fP
2005\(en2010
.PP
Bachelor of Information Technology 
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBPersonal website\fP
.RS 4
.UR https://www.klaxzy.net/
.UE
.RE
.sp
\fBGit (Github)
.RS 4
.UR https://github.com/klaxzy
.UE
.RE
